Update dist names in core docs 2.1.6 - closes #619 (#620)
LiskHQ/lisk-docs: modules/ROOT/pages/management/commander.adoc

= Commander application commands
Mona Bärenfänger <mona@lightcurve.io>
:description: The Lisk Core Commander application commands page covers all relevant commands to manage the Lisk Core application with Lisk Commander.
:toc:
:page-next: /lisk-core/management/configuration.html
:page-previous: /lisk-core/setup/commander.html
:page-next-title: Configuration
:page-previous-title: Commander application installation

:url_setup_commander: setup/commander.adoc
:url_upgrade_commander: update/commander.adoc

> This section covers how to work with an application installation of Lisk Core.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This section covers how to work with the commander application installation of Lisk Core.
```

=== Install

> NOTE: For more information, please see the xref:{url_setup_commander}[Setup page of Lisk Core via Lisk Commander application].

Reviewer: ```suggestion
NOTE: For more information, please see the xref:{url_setup_commander}[Setup page of Lisk Core via Lisk Commander].
```
